Lin Ce, you are really Tiandao Dragon Shuai
Don't be nervous.
I just take Long Shuai to rule the sky
No wonder you dare to make trouble on the lark
After a long time, it turned out to be Long Shuai's substitute
But the only thing that makes you great is the head
Then why doesn't my heart Buddha dare to touch you?
It seems
You still don't know the first rule of Heaven Dou
Everything is Heaven Dou God World Honored
Uncle, as long as you get the Heaven Dou God Realm
The entire Heaven Dou Legion will obey your orders
I didn't expect it.
Lin Yuanzhao's son is now so promising
Even the Heaven Dou King has surrendered to you
Wang Chongyang, you are going private together
Kill my Lin family and Hua family
Today I will seek justice for them
Kill you first Wang Chongliao
Sacrifice to heaven for my father and General Hua Wuji
I want to sacrifice myself to the sky
Hahahahaha is not as good as it is?
Let this old man come and sacrifice for me
Aunt Chen, you bastard
Humph boy
Ginger is still old and spicy
You want to fight an old fox like me?
Hundreds of years earlier
Hand over the Heaven Dou Divine Sword to me immediately
Otherwise I'll give him a hand
You dare Wang Chongyang
You son of a bitch!
Ah!
Master, leave me alone
Quickly kill this old thief
Wait Wang Chongyang
Look who this is